online dating is it fascinating to me
you know you hear crazy stories about it
you hear about people meeting up in
strange motels to do God knows what to
each other and then on the other end of
the spectrum
your aunt meets her husband there and
his name is Ernie
you know it's what we thought it would
be fun to use online dating as the basis
for tonight's pedestrian question
we went out onto Hollywood Boulevard ask
people have you ever had sex with
someone you met on the internet now the
way this will work as it always does is
we will see someone introduce him or
herself and then as a group we'll try to
determine whether they've done the deed
with the help of the World Wide Web all
right let's begin
Alicia lasso Seattle Washington have you
ever had sex with someone you met on the
Internet
Oh what do you say has Alicia ever had
sex let's find out no because because
that's creepy I'm scary and diseased
vested a disease Festa does that no I
don't think I will let her slide on that
next up my name is Jim Lewis I'm from
Medina Ohio have you ever had sex with
someone you met on the Internet has Jim
ever
so it's the you can't always judge a
book by its cover
yes all right who else do we have
my name is Matthew and I'm from Silver
Lake have you ever had sex with someone
you met on the Internet
you're saying yes to everyone okay let's
find out I have not I would never oh my
god I couldn't I would not be able to do
that like I can barely have sex my
boyfriend now like and I've known him
for months
like I would not be able to just be like
just not for me
no his boyfriend's a lucky man I guess
and our next pedestrian is I'm Sean way
I'm from Jupiter Florida have you ever
had sex with someone you met on the
Internet
split pretty evenly here let's find out
yes I have few times actually how was it
it was great it's everything I thought
it was gonna be they held me down and
put nickels in my ears he looked like
Tim Duncan didn't he
all right next up major and announcement
I'm from Miami Florida have you ever had
sex with someone you met on the Internet
let's not fight about it guys we all
right well let's find out I actually did
it's my husband now what kind of a sick
person has sex with her husband it's by
the way she looked like Julia Roberts
right we have 10 Duncan ahjumma I think
they shot pretty woman out there so oh
maybe she's a hooker who knows who is
next on our pedestrian list huh hi Bree
from Chicago originally when I'm now
based in San Francisco have you ever had
sex with someone you met on the Internet
has Herbert never met her Herbert before
had sex with somebody no okay well let's
find out no no no I have it sex with
someone I met on the Internet
no but I did buy this giant hat on the
Internet is that no I believe we have
one more my name is marcin I'm from
Cleveland Ohio have you ever had sex
with someone you met on the Internet
mostly I was saying now there are a
smattering of yeses but let's find out
what mark he has maybe yeah but of
course I knew the person a long time
before anything like that happen you
know how long did it last well with
lesbians you go for like eight hours or
whatever it's like good some
sleep would have to leave it's over so
I'd say probably seven eight hours
actually at the relationship
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
our video click right here to subscribe
to our channel and click right here and
I will fall in love with you guaranteed